# This application scales a league of Laserforce players. #

It provides a graphical user interface that allows the selection of player scores for one or more Laserforce leagues, calculates the combined scores, scales them to a common position (eg A Grade Scout or B Grade Commander) and then ranks the players from highest to lowest allocating a level for each.

It requires as input, one of more files with each file containing the all scores played in a position by each player in the league. Current formats supported are CSV (comma separated values) with the list of scores starting at positions 4 or 5. An example of such a file can be found at A-Grade-Sept-2009-Ammo.csv. This file was generated by saving the Ammo workbook of the Excel spreadsheet A-Grade-Sept-2009.xls (which Tragedy used to record stats for the season) as "other format" CSV. You will will need one CSV file for each position.

The Laserforce-Scaling application is capable of scaling any number of players across any number of positions in any number of leagues into a contiguous ranking as long as there is some minimum intersection/overlap between players playing in different league positions.

A league position cannot be scaled beyond itself unless it has players that play more than the minimum number of games in another league position.
A league of players cannot be scaled with another league unless they are some players that play in both leagues.
Please also note that scaling scores from different temporal eras is also fraught with hazard as players abilities vary greatly over time. As an example, the first version of this scaling program shows conclusively that Whippy is only a level 4, but since that data comes from Sept 2000 integrating it into scores from the modern era would produce nonsensical results.

OK, well that's it.

WarDog